My adrenaline's always flowin'
So it feels like I'll overheat
Even if I explode and turn to ashes
I'll probably still be laughing
Just like this
Blowing past the town
To the ends of the world
Let's burn rubber
And die together like lovers
Let's cut loose until
We reach our limit
So we can reach the horizon
Crash! Into the rolling morning
Flash!
I'm the coolest driver's high
Toward the finish line
Daddy bought a car.
You know that, right?
It's a Cresta. Not only that,
it's white pearl and exceeds 2.5.
Wasn't it destroyed?
By a teacher named Oni-something?
Thanks to my insurance, my Cresta
is coming back to me brand-new.
So, I thought maybe
we could go on a trip...
...to a hot spring in my Cresta.
I wanna pass.
I don't feel up to it.
I'd rather play with my friends.
Well, I don't mind buying you...
...the bag you always wanted.
Really? I'll go! I'll go!
Mom, you're going too, right?
I want a ring too.
No problem.
As long as I have my Cresta,
I can have a happy family...
... with my lovely daughter and
loving wife back just like before.
I won't get involved
with Onizuka anymore.
In my Cresta, my white Cresta...
...I will go on
a long-awaited family trip!
Thank you!
I heard this story from my superior
in the motorcycle gang.
In a certain town,
there was a rumor that...
...a store was making Shumai
with human flesh.
This guy, who was known for his
fearlessness, ignored the rumor...
Terror of Shumai
...and decided to buy
a box of Shumai there.
But then, on his way home...
Kiyo-Ken Shumai
...he felt uneasy for some reason,
so he turned around...
...and saw no one.
He couldn't stop feeling uneasy,
so he removed the lid of the box.
When he opened it...?
One Shumai was missing.
Though this guy got a chill
down his back...
...he convinced himself that one
was missing from the beginning.
But he couldn't stop
thinking about it.
He opened the box again
at the next corner.
Another Shumai was missing.
By now he was freaked out
and hurried home.
Then he calmed down
and opened the lid again.
This time...
...believe it or not, three more
were missing all at once!
The guy was so scared
that he screamed!
Then he put the lid back on.
Once more, slowly,
he opened the lid.
None! There was none left!
There were absolutely no Shumai left!
What was going on?
Though he was scared,
he looked into the box carefully.
Then, he saw...
...all the Shumai stuck
on the back of the lid.
What the hell is that?
It's so dumb!
It's so dumb but it makes me laugh!
Okay, so much for today's class.
Wasn't it fun?
Next time I'll tell you
the story of Scary White Jam.
So, look forward to it. See you!
You guys!
Why in the world are you having fun
in Onizuka's class? Betrayers!
Do you hear me? Never laugh
in front of him again!
If you do, you'll be executed!
What happened, Kikuchi?
I expected you would do a better job.
That bastard, Onizuka.
He doesn't seem to be crushed at all.
I can't help it. If you aren't happy,
why don't you do it yourself?
Sorry, but I don't wanna
participate this time.
Wait a minute!
What do you mean by that?
-What are you laughing at?
-Nothing in particular.
He makes me mad.
You know what? I hear that Yoshikawa
visits Onizuka in his room often.
-You mean Onizuka?
-Yeah.
When I told him I knew
who made the composite photo....
Oh, I'm so sorry.
Anyway, he scolded me and said,
"Don't tell on your buddies."
Also, he said, "I'll make school fun."
Whether he was blowing smoke,
I've never heard a teacher say that.
If you get to know him better,
you'll probably....
What are you saying?
Just because I didn't participate
this time doesn't mean I endorse him.
Kikuchi....
If we trust a teacher, we'll be
betrayed again like before.
-How has it been in Class 3-4?
-What do you mean?
Are you being harassed?
Harassed? What the heck is that?
I'm doing fine.
I'm having fun with my students.
My students seem to like my class
so much, I don't know what to do.
Is that so? But the other teachers
are talking about you.
They say it's time Onizuka-sensei
felt the stress accumulating.
Also, the vice principal doesn't
seem to like you much.
So, I'm a little concerned.
You do have some concerns, right?
Great! I found new items!
-You're too much.
-Fuyutsuki-sensei!
-Don't you want to play this with me?
-I'm not too crazy about games.
Here, this is a really fun part.
I'll teach you. See? There!
-Oh, is this how it goes?
-Right, right.
This way? Right?
That's right. Isn't it easy?
She smells good.
What do I do next?
Oh, no!
You are accumulating stress!
It's not really stress.
Something else is accumulating.
Oh, Yoshikawa.
What's the matter? Come in.
Oh, no. I don't want to intrude.
-I have to ask you something.
-What is it?
Right here. I've been trying
so hard to clear this level.
-You can't use that item.
-What?
You need to use this
to clear that. Here.
-Oh, I see.
-That's right.
-Like this? This way?
-No, no. Use this for that.
Oh, not this one?
-I already told you about that.
-What?
I'll come over again
when I get new software.
I'm counting on you, Yoshikawa!
-Of course, it'll be after I clear it.
-Gosh, you're so stingy.
Hey, Yoshikawa.
I wanna talk to you.
You'll come with me, won't you?
Don't. Stop!
Idiot! You shouldn't
hang out with Onizuka!
You know our class rules.
You could get capital punishment.
Understand? If I see you being
friendly with Onizuka again...
...I'll scatter this photo
all over town.
And I'll add a caption saying, "I had
my naked picture taken by girls."
He's got a little thing!
Pretty pathetic!
But it's a nice cap, Yoshikawa.
How cute!
-Add some doodles.
-How artistic!
-Oh, he's started to cry.
-Do you think that's manly?
Pay no more attention to him.
Let's go to karaoke!
Oh, I love it! What shall I sing?
-Got to be L'Arc.
-No, it's got to be Enka, Enka!
Onizuka?
Have you finished the photos you
promised me? I'm tired of waiting.
I didn't promise you anything!
Come on.
Don't be so cold.
I have an idea! What if I give you
10 combo-A lunch tickets?
I'll have them copied so well that
no one will know they're fake!
Isn't that counterfeiting?
If the school finds out,
you'll be in trouble.
Oh, hush. It's fine
as long as no one knows.
I'll be waiting in 30 minutes
at the front door. See you then.
Hey, wait a minute! Don't decide
all by yourself, Onizuka!
I can't believe
such an idiot is a teacher.
I can't wait!
This will be an additional page in
the Onizuka Female Body Collection.
Maybe I'll ask him to use
Fuyutsuki's face next time.
Could I? Should I?
Yoshikawa?
When I come home in this Cresta...
...how will my wife
and daughter react?
I'll hurry home so that I can
make plans for our family trip!
Onizuka?
Daddy!
-Daddy's Cresta is cool!
-Now I think better of you, honey!
We love you!
This Cresta will help me
regain my dignity as a father...
...and my happy family.
All I need is my Cresta!
Onizuka!
Oh, ouch.
Here we are.
It's absurd.
What the hell were you thinking?
You idiot!
Yoshikawa?
My Cresta....
How many times do I have to tell you?
I told you so many times
not to kill yourself!
You....
Aren't you mad at yourself?
Even if you die, it won't make you
feel better, will it?
I'm frustrated and mad at myself.
Of course I'm frustrated!
Mad....
Good. That's good. Good job.
Well, lead the way.
Revenge, it will be done.
Yoshikawa's face was priceless!
This photo is just too funny.
He's not gonna approach
Onizuka anymore.
Because we have such
an embarrassing picture.
But Anko is so nasty. I never
imagined it would go this far.
It's just because Murai
and Kikuchi were such weaklings.
I don't feel well
unless we go that far.
Anko, your song is ready.
-Here is your microphone.
-Thank you!
Who is it?
It's me.
-Onizuka! Why are you here?
-What kind of disguise it that?
You came out like a cockroach,
out of nowhere, you bastard!
Who are you calling a roach,
you perverted middle school girls?
What do you mean?
Don't play innocent.
You pulled down a guy's pants
and took naked pictures of him.
I have no idea what this is
all about. Right, everyone?
Right. What are you talking about?
Oh, really?
Hey, Yoshikawa, come on in!
No Carry-In Food and Drink
You bastard! You know what's
gonna happen to you, Yoshikawa!
That photo will be all over town!
You'll live a painful and embarrassing
lie. No one will respect you again!
Well, now we begin the revenge!
-Take your time to be daring!
-Move over!
-How can you?!
-Bad kids get a spanking!
Onizuka! You bastard!
Stop it! It hurts!
Hurts? Look who's talking!
This is nothing compared to
the pain Yoshikawa has suffered.
You bastard!
Yoshikawa, don't think we'll be done
with just scattering your photos!
Now, to finish it off.
-What--?
-No, stop, don't!
What a wonderful view,
isn't it, Yoshikawa?
Forgive me from my heinie
Sorry, Naoko's butt
Apology on my heinie
Mayuko's butt
-Now, next....
-No, wait! What are you going to do?
I'm gonna take a commemorative photo.
Stop it! You're violating
our human rights, you pervert!
Hey! Are you listening, Onizuka?
-No, stop it!
-Please!
Listen to me. You've learned your
lesson. Don't ever bully anyone again.
Here, Yoshikawa.
Take care of the rest on your own.
Shit. You think you're a hero
of justice or something?
Do you think it's right
to do this to girls?
I'm going to take this to the PTA!
That's just fine with me!
Bring me the PTA or PCB
or whatever you like!
I'm just one teacher,
Eikichi Onizuka, 22 years old!
I won't run away or hide!
There's no gender distinction
among the bad!
That is my policy.
Keep that in mind!
Teacher, I'm hungry.
-Yeah. Let's go eat ramen.
-Okay.
-By the way, do you have some money?
-What?
Did you leave the camera behind?
Well, it's all up to you.
-Teacher?
-Yeah?
No matter what happens,
I'll never try to kill myself again.
I promise.
-Yoshikawa.
-What?
-That ramen you bought was horrible.
Hurry back into your classroom.
Time for homeroom.
Is the Board Chairman in?
Excuse me, but let me
tell her who it is....
-Are you a new hire from this spring?
-Well, yes.
No wonder you don't know me.
I am president of the PTA
of this school...
...Uehara.
I heard a teacher named Onizuka...
...performed the most shameless act
on my daughter.
So I want to talk to the Chairman.
You and me, let's go away
To look for new emotions today
Together we can overcome
Because I want to enjoy a new tomorrow
Open your eyes and open the door
The world in front of your eyes
I want to go out
With my favorite sounds
I will taste my childhood emotions
I'm here to enjoy the sunlight
I'm enjoying myself
More than in the past
I want to see you, but I can't
So I just embrace my love
Even walking on a crowded street
Your smile makes my head spin
Next Episode
-What's wrong?
-Uehara's mother is at the school.
Is that all? You can't be a teacher
if you're afraid of the PTA.
Repentance
I'm calling an emergency PTA meeting!
Watch your mouth.
I'm playing mindfully.